doc: add GitHub PR template (#1038)
danth/stylix: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

> 

Reviewer: Should we not use two empty line placeholders, to simplify the following final format example:

```md
This is a very useless description.

<!--
```

In that case, we should do:

```suggestion

```

<!--
^ Please summarise the changes you have done and explain why they are necessary here ^

> Please also link any relevant issues or pull requests e.g. `resolves #<ISSUE-ID>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please also link any relevant issues or pull requests e.g. `Closes: #<ISSUE-ID>`
```

Author: I would prefer fixes or resolves as they indicate that the issue has been fixed.

Reviewer: > I would prefer fixes or resolves as they indicate that the issue has been fixed.

I am fine with either wording in the PR description. However, in commit messages we are using the `Closes:` tag:

```console
$ git log d9df91c55643a8b5229a3ae3a496a30f14965457 | rg '    Closes: ' | wc -l
56
```

This aligns with the Linux Kernel commit convention:

> In case your patch fixes a bug, use the ‘Closes:’ tag with a URL referencing the report in the mailing list archives or a public bug tracker. For example:
>
> ```
> Closes: https://example.com/issues/1234
> ```
>
> -- https://docs.kernel.org/process/submitting-patches.html

-->

## Things done

> <!--

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<!--
```

Please check what applies. Note that these are not hard requirements but merely
serve as information for reviewers.
-->
- [ ] Tested locally
- [ ] Tested in [testbed](https://stylix.danth.me/testbeds.html)
- [ ] Commit message follows [commit convention](https://stylix.danth.me/commit_convention.html)
- [ ] Fits [style guide](https://stylix.danth.me/styling.html)

### Maintainer CC

> <!---

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<!---
```

> If you are editing an existing target, please cc the maintainers of the module
> found in `modules/<module>/meta.nix`.

Reviewer: What about this:

```suggestion
If you are editing an existing target, consider pinging relevant
`modules/<module>/meta.nix` module maintainers.
```
